EARLY ACCESS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

These license terms (“Terms”) are an agreement between Namespace Labs Inc, a 
Delaware corporation (“Namespace Labs” or “we”) and the entity on whose behalf 
you accept this agreement (“you”, or if no such entity exists, such terms apply 
to you as an individual, and “you” shall refer to you in your individual 
capacity). If you are acting on behalf of an entity, you represent and warrant 
that you are authorized to bind that entity to these Terms. 

These Terms apply to the pre-release software made available to you at 
github.com/namespacelabs/foundation (“Early Access Software”). These terms also 
apply to any updates or upgrades thereto, as well as any support or other 
services which Namespace Labs may provide you in connection with the Early 
Access Software (“Other Services”). 

By accessing and downloading the Early Access Software, whether in source or 
object form, you agree in full to these Terms. 

If you do not have authority to bind your entity or do not agree with these 
Terms, you must not accept these Terms and may not use the Early Access 
Software or receive any Other Services. The “Effective Date” of these Terms is 
the date you first access or use the Early Access Software.

1. Installation and Use Rights. You may install and use any number of copies of 
the Early Access Software to evaluate the Early Access Software and provide 
feedback to Namespace Labs; but may not test the Early Access Software in a 
production environment or otherwise use the Early Access Software in production.

2. Term and Termination. The term of these Terms and your right to use the 
Early Access Software shall continue until the date Namespace Labs makes 
available the Early Access Software generally available, whether freely or for 
a fee; or the date Namespace Labs informs you that it is terminating the Terms, 
which it may do at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without 
notice. Upon termination for any reason, you will purge all stored elements of 
the Early Access Software from your systems.

3. Other Software. The Early Access Software may be provided alongside other 
software offered by Namespace Labs or third parties (such third party software, 
“Third Party Applications”). You agree that any such offerings may be provided 
under separate additional terms and conditions. You agree that Third Party 
Applications made available to you by Namespace Labs are licensed to you by the 
applicable third party, and not Namespace Labs. Any included notices for Third 
Party Applications are for your information only.

4. No SLAs; No Support Guarantee. You acknowledge and agree that the Early 
Access Software is not provided subject to any service level agreement that you 
may have entered into with Namespace Labs and that Namespace Labs may not 
provide support for the Early Access Software.

5. Data Collection. The Early Access Software may collect information about you 
and your use of the software and send that to Namespace Labs. Namespace Labs 
may use this information to provide services and improve Namespace Labs’ 
products and services. This includes data about the performance of the 
services, any problems you experience with them, and the features you use. This 
also includes data about your device and the network you use to connect to our 
services, including IP address, device identifiers, regional and language 
settings. It includes information about the operating systems and other 
software installed on your device. You can learn more about Namespace Labs’ 
data collection and use in the Namespace Labs Privacy Policy located at 
http://namespacelabs.com/privacy.

By using this software, you consent to Namespace Labs’ collection of usage and 
performance data related to your use of the Early Access Software.

6. Feedback. If you provide any suggestions, enhancement requests, or other 
feedback regarding the Early Access Software (“Feedback”), you hereby grant 
Namespace Labs a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, fully-paid, 
sub-licensable (through multiple layers), assignable license to incorporate 
into the Namespace Labs products and services or otherwise use any Feedback.

7. Scope of License. The Early Access Software is licensed, not sold. This 
agreement only gives you some rights to use the Early Access Software. 
Namespace Labs reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more 
rights despite this limitation, you may use the Early Access Software only as 
expressly permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any 
technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain 
ways. 

8. Disclaimer of Warranty; Limitation of Liability. THE EARLY ACCESS SOFTWARE 
IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND BY NAMESPACE LABS. WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, NAMESPACE LABS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, REGARDING THE EARLY ACCESS SOFTWARE. NAMESPACE 
LABS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR 
SPECIAL LOSS, EVEN IF NAMESPACE LABS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH LOSSES OCCURRING. NAMESPACE LABS’ LIABILITY FOR THE EARLY ACCESS SOFTWARE 
SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (A) ANY AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE EARLY 
ACCESS SOFTWARE IN THE SIX (6) MONTHS PRECEEDING A CLAIM, IF ANY; AND (B) FIVE 
DOLLARS ($5). EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF 
THIS SECTION IS TO ALLOCATE THE RISKS BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND LIMIT POTENTIAL 
LIABILITY GIVEN THE NATURE OF THE EARLY ACCESS SOFTWARE. NAMESPACE LABS’ 
WILLINGNESS TO PROVIDE YOU WITH THE EARLY ACCESS SOFTWARE IS DEPENDENT ON YOUR 
AGREEING TO THIS ALLOCATION OF RISK. EACH PARTY HAS RELIED ON THESE LIMITATIONS 
IN DETERMINING WHETHER TO ENTER INTO THESE TERMS.

9. Governing Law. These Terms are governed by the laws of the state of 
California.

10. Entire Agreement, Construction and Execution. If any provision of these 
Terms is held to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be enforced 
to the maximum extent possible, and the other provisions will remain in full 
force and effect. These Terms are the complete and exclusive understanding and 
agreement between the parties regarding the Early Access Software. Nothing in 
the preceding sentence shall limit or exclude any liability for fraud or 
fraudulent misrepresentation. The headings in these Terms are solely for 
convenience, and shall not be taken into consideration in interpretation of 
these Terms. Each party acknowledges and agrees that it has adequate 
sophistication, including legal representation, to fully review and understand 
these Terms; therefore, in interpretation of these Terms with respect to any 
drafting ambiguities that may be identified or alleged, no presumption shall be 
given in favor of the non-drafting party. These Terms may not be modified or 
amended except by mutual written agreement of the parties.

11. Assignment. No assignment of a party’s rights and obligations under these 
Terms is permitted except with the prior written approval of the other party, 
which shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that either party 
may freely make such assignment to a successor in interest upon a change of 
control.

12. Notice. Any required notice under these Terms shall be deemed given 1 
business day after being sent by email. You shall send any required notices to 
hello@namespacelabs.com.

